Uxd 257 field type component (#727)
acl-services/paprika: packages/FieldTypes/README.md

<!-- autogenerated don't modify -->

# @paprika/field-types - 0.1.0

## Description

> Field Types package is a set of components that help the Table and DataGrid to enhance the cell property to display different value in a ease manner

Reviewer: Nitpick: adjust grammar slightly 'different values in an easy manner'

Author: ohhh there it's an option that you can make the change by yourself in github and propose the change and I can commit it from my side, try it. is the icon named "insert suggestion", use it :D

> Field Types package is a set of components that help the Table and DataGrid to enhance the cell property to display different value in a ease manner

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Field Types package is a set of components that help the Table and DataGrid to enhance the cell property to display different values in an easy manner
```
